[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> On a new series--
>> Quantum healing hypnosis
technique is modality to access
these hidden knowledge
within the mind for healing
or information.
>> This week on Gaia, on season
2 of "Journey Of Remembering"--
>> If you could listen and hear
all the hearts in the universe
beating at the same time, you
would start to hear this machine
that makes time possible
through gravity.
>> On a new series--
>> Every problem I've ever had
has been a thought pattern that
I was repeating to myself.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightning Talks"--
>> Technology is not going away.
It's going to be here.
How about we find ways to
marry nature and introduce
those technological
advances that can help us
build resilient,
beautiful, calm lives.
>> On "Open Minds"
with Regina Meredith--
>> We have to have a higher
self because that's part
of our guidance system.
Higher self and soul
and body are related,
but they're two different
aspects of our soul.
>> On beyond belief
with George Noory--
>> I was quite taken by
the Mayan civilization.
Their calendar is
true in some deep way
that we haven't really
figured out ourselves.
>> Only on Gaia.